# Introduction

This is the technical design document for the ADSBIN project. It is written by:

```plaintext
Ralph Das
Email: ralph.das@gmail.com.

Revision: 0.1
Date: 2025-04-01
```

If at any moment reading or interpreting this document becomes difficult, please contact the author for clarification. The same applies if you have any questions or suggestions.

### Name of the Project
Please note that the term "ADSBIN" is a temporary project name. The final name of the project will be decided upon later.

### Waste management
ADSBIN does not have any affiliation with waste management companies. The project is solely focused on the advertising aspect of the smart bins.

### Purpose
The purpose of this document is to provide a comprehensive overview of the technical design of the ADSBIN project. This document is intended for developers, stakeholders, and anyone else involved in the development and deployment of the ADSBIN project.

### Scope
The document will try to cover all the technical and architectural aspects of the ADSBIN project. This includes the high-level architecture, component design, API design, database design, deployment strategy, security considerations, testing strategy, and performance considerations.

The document will shy away from the business and marketing aspects of the project. It will focus solely on the technical aspects of the project.

For a full list of the topics covered in this document, please refer to the table of contents that can be found in the sidebar.

### Prior Knowledge Required
This document assumes that the reader has a basic understanding of web development concepts and technologies. It is recommended that the reader is familiar on a high level, with the following technologies/ concepts:

- Frontend development (HTML, CSS, JavaScript)
- Backend development (Database, API, server-side programming)
- Web application architecture
- Version control (Git)
- Deployment strategies
