# Component Design

## Component Breakdown

I this part of the specification I will not go into detail of the individual components, but rather give an overview of the specific naming conventions and the structure of the components. I will start with the FE components and then move on to the BE components.

### Frontend Components

Requirements for the frontend components:

- All components should be named with PascalCase.
- All components should be placed in the `components` directory of the specific route they are used in. If they are shared between routes, they should be placed in the `components` directory of the `src` directory.
- Components should be named according to their function, e.g. `Button`, `Input`, `Card`, etc. Names should be descriptive and concise.
- Components should be designed to be reusable and composable.
- Components should be divided into presentational and container components where appropriate.
- Presentational components should be pure functions that accept props and return JSX.
- Container components should manage state and pass data and functions to presentational components as props.
- Stylings is done in Tailwind CSS, and should be done in the component file using the `className` prop.
- Form components be validated using `zod` and Next JS form validation before being submitted to the backend.
- Authentication components should be handled by the `clerk` library.
- Components should be tested using Jest. Test coverage currently has less priority than other parts of the application, but should be increased over time.
- The entire flow show be tested using Cypress E2E tests.
- API calls should be handled by the `Tanstack Query` library.
- All text should be localized using the `next-i18next` library. While development there will be a single language, but the application should be prepared for multiple languages.
- Tables will be rendered using the Tanstack Table library.

### Backend Components

Requirements for the backend components:

- We will write the BE in TypeScript so that we can use the same type definitions as in the FE.
- All components should be named with PascalCase.
- The workers should be placed in the `workers` directory of the `src` directory.
- All the different modules/ workers have their own datastore. This is to ensure that the workers are stateless and can be scaled horizontally.
- Workers have A single responsibility, and should be as little dependent on other workers as possible.
- The API should be RESTful and follow the REST principles.
- The API should be versioned, and the version should be included in the URL.
- The API should be documented using OpenAPI.
- The API should be tested using Jest and Supertest.

## State Management

State management in the frontend will be handled by the `Tanstack Query` library. This library is chosen because it is easy to use, and has a lot of features that will be useful in the application. The library is also well maintained and has a large community.

## Styling

Styling in the frontend will be done using Tailwind CSS. Tailwind CSS is chosen because it is easy to use, and has a lot of features that will be useful in the application. The library is also well maintained and has a large community.

We have a custom configuration that defines fonts, colors, and other styling properties. This configuration is used throughout the application to ensure a consistent design.
